Update sprints.md (#290)
EuroPython/website: data/pages-content/sprints.md

If you are planning to run a sprint at EuroPython 2023, please add it at the bottom of this page [creating a pull request to our website](https://github.com/EuroPython/website/blob/main/data/pages-content/sprints.md):

> 1. Make sure your sprint is about an _open source_ project.

Reviewer: Maybe also add a line about being mindful of how many people can they accommodate.. People who are not as aware of the project require way more hand-holding.

> 1. Make sure your sprint is about an _open source_ project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure your sprint is an _open source_ project, with a link to a repo open to the public. 
```
